NH-85973 NH-89212 instrument function handler dependencies (#144)
solarwinds/apm-ruby: CONFIGURATION.md

`SW_APM_PROXY` | `:http_proxy` | Configure an HTTP proxy through which the library connects to the collector. | None
`SW_APM_SERVICE_KEY` | `:service_key` | API token and service name in the form of `token:service_name`, **required**. | None
`SW_APM_TAG_SQL` | `:tag_sql` | Enable/disable injecting trace context into supported SQL statements. Set to boolean true or (or string `true` in env var) to enable, see [Tag Query with Trace Context](#tag-query-with-trace-context) for details.| `false`
`SW_APM_TRIGGER_TRACING_MODE` | `:trigger_tracing_mode` | Enable/disable trigger tracing for the service.  Setting to `disabled` may impact DEM visibility into the service. | `enabled`
`SW_APM_TRUSTEDPATH` | N/A | The library uses the host system's default trusted CA certificates to verify the TLS connection to the collector. To override the default, define the trusted certificate path configuration option with an absolute path to a specific trusted certificate file in PEM format. | None

> `SW_APM_LAMBDA_PRELOAD_DEPS` | N/A | This option is particularly used in apm-ruby lambda layer for preloading user-defined ruby library, and install opentelemetry instrumentation. | `false`

Author: ```suggestion
`SW_APM_LAMBDA_PRELOAD_DEPS` | N/A | This option only takes effect in the AWS Lambda runtime. Set to `false` to disable the attempt to preload function dependencies and install instrumentations. | `true`
```

> N/A | `:log_args` | Enable/disable the collection of URL query parameters, set to boolean false to disable. | `true`

Author: This seems a dupe, see line 135.
```suggestion
```
